feat: Build and publish a QEMU image artifact (#1430)
supabase/postgres: qemu_artifact.md

# QEMU artifact

We build a container image that contains a QEMU qcow2 disk image. Container images are a convenient mechanism to ship the disk image to the nodes where they're needed.

Given the size of the image, the first VM using it on a node might take a while to come up, while the image is being pulled down. The image can be pre-fetched to avoid this; we might also switch to other deployment mechanisms in the future.

### Build process

The current AMI process involves a few steps:

1. nix package is build and published using GHA (`.github/workflows/nix-build.yml`)

>   - this builds Postgres alongwith the PG extensions we use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - this builds Postgres along with the PG extensions we use.
```
